Verb!Start!to begin doing something!Finish!Begin!He's just started a new job
Verb!Think!to have an opinion about something or someone!Synonyms!Antonyms!I thought I heard a scream.
Verb!Suppose!be supposed to do sth!Synonyms!Antonyms!Synonyms!Antonyms!Prices will go up I suppose
Verb!Wake!to stop sleeping or to make someone else stop sleeping!Synonyms!Antonyms!I always wake early in the summer.
Verb!Close!make it move so that it is not open!Synonyms!Antonyms!The window will not close
Verb!Cry!to produce tears from your eyes, usually because you are sad, angry, or hurt!Synonyms!Antonyms!I saw her crying
Verb!Raise!to lift something to a higher position!Synonyms!Antonyms!Raise your hands pls
Verb!Say!to speak words!Synonyms!Antonyms!He said,I am busy.
Verb!Dress!to put clothes on yourself or someone else!Synonyms!Antonyms!She dressed her little daughter in a nice dress
Verb!Run!to move on your feet at a faster speed than walking!Synonyms!Antonyms!Can you run as fast as Mike?
Adverb!absolutely!used to emphasize that something is completely true!Actually!Doubtfully!You're absolutely right.
Adverb!again!one more time; on another occasion!Anew!No Antonyms!This must never happen again.
Adverb!double!in twos or in two parts!Dual!Singular!I thought I was seeing double
Adverb!high!far from ground/bottom!Big!Humble!I can't jump any higher.
Adverb!really!used to emphasize an adjective or adverb!Absolutely!Doubtfully!That's a really good idea.
Adverb!rapidly!very quickly; at a great rate!Briskly!Slowly!Crime figures are rising rapidly.
Adverb!slightly!a little!Lightly!A Lot!We took a slightly more direct route.
Adverb!mostly!mainly; generally!Chiefly!Rarely!The sauce is mostly cream.
Adverb!second!after one other person or thing in order or importance!Alternative!First-Rate!She came second in the marathon.
Adverb!off!used to say that something has been removed or become separated!Finished!On!He's had his beard shaved off.
Adjective!able!able to do something!Adept!Inept!You must be able to speak French for this job.
Adjective!wonderful!very good, pleasant or a lot of fun!Admirable!Bad!This is a wonderful opportunity to invest in new markets.
Adjective!different!not the same as somebody/something; not like somebody/something else!Contrasting!Ordinary!It's completely different now than it was a year ago.
Adjective!online!available on or done using the internet or other computer network!Networked!Offline!Online shopping is both cheap and convenient.
Adjective!political!connected with the state, government or public affairs!Bureaucratic!No Antonyms!He was a political prisoner
Adjective!legal!connected with the law!Allowed!Illegal!They are currently facing a long legal battle in the US courts.
Adjective!former!that existed in earlier times!Departed!Current!This fine ruin was, in former times, a royal castle.
Adjective!accurate!correct and true in every detail!Authentic!Careless!Accurate measurements are essential.
Adjective!correct!accurate or true, without any mistakes!Okey!Improper!Do you have the correct time?
Adjective!personal!your own!Intimate!Common!The novel is written from personal experience.
Idiom!Back against the wall!Be in a difficult situation from where escape is difficult!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!With banks baying for his blood over default in payments, he has his back against the wall.
Idiom!Bite off more than you can chew!To try to do something that is too difficult for you!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!He has taken more responsibilities as he couldn’t say ‘no’ to his boss. I think he has bitten more than he can chew, and he’ll struggle to handle them all.
Idiom!Head over heels!If you’re head over heels, you’re completely in love.!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!Max fell head over heels in love with her colleague and wants to marry her.
Idiom!Upset someone’s applecart!If you upset someone’s applecart, you do something that causes a plan to go wrong.!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!The increase in customs duty by the government has upset the applecart of those car companies who were importing most of their car parts.
Idiom!Spoil someone’s plans!To ruin someone’s plans!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!The heavy overnight rain spoilt our plan to play cricket next morning.
Idiom!Keep someone at arm’s length!If you keep someone at arm’s length, you avoid becoming friendly with them.!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!I’ve more productive time in the day because I’ve developed this good habit of keeping video games at arm’s length.
Idiom!Up in arms!Angry about something!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!Media has traditionally been up in arms with the government of the day.
Idiom!Drive a hard bargain!If you drive a hard bargain, you argue hard to get a favorable deal.!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!The author tried to drive a hard bargain with the publisher on signing amount, but couldn’t because he didn’t have best sellers in his name.
Idiom!Barking up the wrong tree!To ask the wrong person or follow the wrong course!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!The sales team blamed the engineers for the organization’s failure to bag the mega deal, but they were barking up the wrong tree.
Idiom!Scrape the barrel!When you’re scraping the barrel, you’re using something you do not want to but you’ve no option.!No Synonyms!No Antonyms!I was scraping the barrel when I had to stay for six months with my parents after I lost my job.
